Fix doc builds. (#1819)
GPflow/GPflow: doc/README.md

## Read documentation online

The documentation is stored in a special branch
[`gp-pages`](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/tree/gh-pages) and served by
[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

We serve a version of documentation for the most recent `develop` branch and for all releases since
`2.4.0`. You can find them online here:

* Redirect to most recent release: https://gpflow.github.io/GPflow/

> * `develop` https://gpflow.github.io/GPflow/develop

Reviewer: Consistency with previous bullet:
```suggestion
* `develop`: https://gpflow.github.io/GPflow/develop
```

Normally our CircleCI build is responsible for building our documentation whenever there is a merge

> to `develop` or `master`. See the configuration
> [here](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/blob/develop/.circleci/config.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `develop` or `master`. See the details in the [configuration](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/blob/develop/.circleci/config.yml).
```
